# Tribe D:-

## Good points that we’d like to inculcate:-

-	Safety subsection for each component used and techniques for any mishaps

 ### Documentation

-	Reverse anchoring back to TOC is done.
-	Markdown is converted to latex and then exported to pdf which allows great looking concise reports.
-	Information has been put in tabular format, making it more organized and easy to comprehend.

### Solar energy section

-	Great in depth analysis of the requirements of the solar panel, with a modular block diagram.
-	Good use of diagrams, tables and flowcharts wherever needed.

### Wind energy section

-	All of the parts of the windmill are noted separately and are well-explained with their concise diagrams.
-	Flow chart of the Mechanical Assembly is drawn, which helps in understanding the structure of the windmill quite easily.

### Biomass section

-	Neat mind map which made the process easier to understand.
-	Table 21 was very detailed.



## Weak points that we’d like to avoid:-

 ### Documentation

-	Page 42 is left blank with the title of "Closure" as mentioned in TOC creating unnecessary empty space.
-	List of Tables and figures are not made dynamic.
-	Figure 14 looks cluttered.

### Solar energy section

-	Cost analysis could have been explained in more detail, and cheaper products with almost the same efficiency could have been preferred.
-	Unwanted inclusions of tools like solar inverter and solar water heater, which could have easily been left off to save money and space.

### Wind energy section

-	some diagrams of the windmill could have been given after complete assembly to give more clarification.

### Biomass/combustion section

-	If the system is targeted for a user in chennai, how will anybody have enough space for a huge high pressure boiler, burner, turbine ..etc, and will the waste generated by an urban household be enough for its operation?
-	Usage of coal in a region of high population density for each house will result in severe worsening of air quality of the city.

### Energy storage section:-

-	In figure 38 all the batteries are shorted, and It doesn’t represent anything.


| section                                                  | marks|
|----------------------------------------------------|---------|
|documentation                                       | 4        |
|technical content                                    | 4        |
|Tool usage(gantt charts) and Teamwork| 3        |  
|Readability                                             | 2        |           
| **Total**                                                 | 13     |

